	20180526 SAT Toastmaster Club General Evaluator Transcript (Cybertao)

	Firstly, our toastmaster shared us her unique childhood story, a very
happy, exciting, interesting and enjoyable story. Tracing back her
childhood, they had lots of funny things to do, such as in the winter, 
they could play with so many things, in the summer they did some farmworks,
a very funny childhood.
	
	But nowadays mobilephone is our unique toys. When we attended to a party 
everyone was playing with the mobilephone, not talking to each other.
	
	Trying to image that if a child grew up with the eletronic equipments
where the real childhood is. 
	
	In comparison with our toastmaster's childhood story. I believe your 
story was the real childhood.

	Special thanks to our toastmaster's effort. Every part of the meeting was 
connected smoothly and gracefully.

	Evaluator 1 (EVA 1)
	
	EVA 1 is a very distinguished evaluator. Your english speaking was very 
fluent, your gesture was very natural on the stage. You gave many useful 
tips for our speaker, such as 'Write it out', 'Remeber your outline', 
'Connect with the audience', 'interaction' and so on.
	
	What a excellent and professional evaluator!

	Evaluator 2 (EVA 2)
	
	Firstly, you gave a big encouragement to our speaker, such as 'A very
good topic', you gave a lot of good points to our speaker.
	
	At the end of your evaluation, you gave some useful suggestions and 
recomendations to our speaker, very perfect!

	Evaluator 3 (EVA 3)
	
	You gave 5 points to our speaker, such as 'Voice', 'Eyes contact', 
'Interation', 'Some good sentences'.

	Table Topic Master (TTM)

	Our TTM prepared 8 questions for today's theme, every question was 
related to our childhood.	
	
	The levels of the questions are from esay to hard.
	
	Every Table Topic speaker could say something on the stage and share he 
or she childhood story.

	So to sum up, a very excellent TTM.
	
	Table Topic Evaluator (TTE)
	
	TTE is a very challenging role, because you have to evaluate 8 speakers 
only within 5 minutes.

	Although you were a litte overtime, finally you gave TTM and every
speaker many useful suggestions, recomandations and tips.
	
	Very good!
	
	My Team
	
	All of my team members were diligent and dedicated.
	
	Our timer reported everyone's time usage very professionally. At the end 
you gave us a very detailed report.

	Our Ah-Counter counted everyone's unnecessary words diligently.
	
	Our grammarian played a very important and essential role to help us 
improve our english. 

 What a diligent and dedicated grammarian!
 
 

		   
	
	
	
	
	

	